Galaxy Note9: Good morning.
Serenna Beers: Good morning. How are you
Serenna Beers: Yeah.
Galaxy Note9: Yeah, could be worse. Oh, man.
Serenna Beers: Good. How
Galaxy Note9: Are you
Serenna Beers: I'm doing pretty good on this April Fool's Day. I think the world has played a joke on us.
Serenna Beers: Yeah.
Serenna Beers: Yeah. Um, so, what brings you to break her health. Well, first of all, my name is serene, I, I believe I'm your therapist.
Serenna Beers: And I need to do a bio psychosocial with you and that basically just entails me answer or asking you a bunch of questions and then you just give me some information which helps us to understand you a little bit more. So we know how to better how to better serve you.
Serenna Beers: And it's just part of
Serenna Beers: The admission process so
Serenna Beers: Let's see.
Serenna Beers: Um, yeah. So I'll just start if that's fine with you.
Galaxy Note9: This live
Serenna Beers: Okay, so tell me what brings you to bright heart health, and why now.
Galaxy Note9: Um,
Galaxy Note9: I had put my back.
Galaxy Note9: In a winter house to the hospital.
Galaxy Note9: Because I was in like a great deal of pain.
Galaxy Note9: And in the process of that, you know, they asked me, you know, do I use certain drugs or, you know, you know, the, you know, initial question or whatnot.
Galaxy Note9: And my wife. You know what she's not my wife. She's my fiance, but I've been to, like,
Galaxy Note9: She was like, you know, saying, you know, they tell them about, you know, the hammer
Galaxy Note9: So,
Galaxy Note9: I went on in disclosed that I had
Galaxy Note9: An addiction, Aaron.
Galaxy Note9: And for about the past 30 some odd years or so, and
Galaxy Note9: They
Galaxy Note9: Were different programs you know everything I just follow through.
Galaxy Note9: You know, I was kind of tired of it anyway. You know, I mean, it was enough, you know, almost 60 now.
Galaxy Note9: You know I'm being around a little bit, all that kind of like living
Galaxy Note9: Well, that's great. Don't nobody
Serenna Beers: Did something happen significant to make you switch to the mindset of how this is just not for me anymore. Usually there's something
Serenna Beers: That occurs. You like an
Galaxy Note9: Epiphany something
Galaxy Note9: One girl videotaping
Serenna Beers: In the frozen. Oh.
Galaxy Note9: My bitch.
Galaxy Note9: How is that never seen oh my god it was heart wrenching
Serenna Beers: I'm
Literally
Galaxy Note9: Mentioned it
Galaxy Note9: I've never seen myself, you know, I was thinking to myself, you know, Hey y'all know none of this shit. This is no charge Shaw. I thought something was wrong with everybody that didn't use it.
Serenna Beers: Right.
Galaxy Note9: I'm just being totally honest. I mean,
Serenna Beers: Yeah, I will die. I want you to be honest.
Serenna Beers: So when you were like,
Serenna Beers: Who is this man.
Galaxy Note9: Yeah.
Galaxy Note9: Wow, this is what you see
Galaxy Note9: This is why you need man. No.
Galaxy Note9: No.
Galaxy Note9: And it just went from there.
Galaxy Note9: And not just been kind of like this. Following up on all the week you know of the different resources that people in your
Galaxy Note9: You know, presenting to me and all the different
Galaxy Note9: medicines and talking to a lot of positive people with the right heart. You know, you guys are like, I mean seriously you guys are really, you know, great to caring. You know, you take your time, your patient. You know, it just turned out to be, you know, positive things stuff and now
Galaxy Note9: I'm I've been clean since
Galaxy Note9: Since we're on the 26th of Edward
Serenna Beers: Good for you. Wow. That's huge. Especially, he said that you were using and addicted for about 30 years
Galaxy Note9: Wow 3334 35
Serenna Beers: Okay, and what point. When did you notice that, wow. I mean, like, when did it get worse, like a
Serenna Beers: So you started
Serenna Beers: 33 years okay you were just trying
Serenna Beers: To say, well,
Galaxy Note9: That's all.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: And you said you that you deal with a lot of chronic pain and that was from an accident.
Serenna Beers: No, I heard, I heard
Galaxy Note9: Of it. Yeah, a pinch, I added
Galaxy Note9: The substance abuse did wasn't a part of the injury injury was in the process.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Serenna Beers: But now you currently deal with chronic pain right
Galaxy Note9: Okay, well, you know, for since, you know, since February. I've been in a great deal of, like, some days I can't even walk like I took off for work in like anybody that knows me they'll tell you he don't miss work.
Galaxy Note9: I'm curious.
Galaxy Note9: I'm still going in there and do my job.
Serenna Beers: That's awesome. Oh, I'm sorry.
Serenna Beers: I mean it's not awesome if the building was on fire, and you went in there. I just mean that's a good work ethic, you know,
Galaxy Note9: That's
Galaxy Note9: That's all I have to work. I'm, you know, my mind is really active
Galaxy Note9: And I'm even when I'm asleep, I'm busy.
Galaxy Note9: Things. I'm thinking about things I'm planning to do some, you know, I've been trying to hustle. Love you know hundred 50 $200 a day.
A nice
Serenna Beers: Yeah.
Serenna Beers: Um, what about. Had you had any other prior substance abuse or mental health treat treat treat treatment. Like, how did you ever sought help prior prior to this.
Galaxy Note9: No. No. Okay. Well, we thought about it.
Serenna Beers: Okay, what about any history of suicidal ideation. Had you ever had thoughts like I just would be better off if I wasn't here.
Galaxy Note9: Let me just to be totally honest with you, I mean you know who hasn't thought that i mean you know
Galaxy Note9: Sure. I was like, you know, 2030 years ago you know like when I'm sinking ship you know one of them deals
Serenna Beers: But it's one of those type of days.
Galaxy Note9: Yeah yeah
Galaxy Note9: But other than that.
Galaxy Note9: I'm pretty. I like to believe pretty stable, you know,
Galaxy Note9: Okay, I think.
Serenna Beers: What about any history of wanting to harm another person. And these are questions that that I have to ask is just a part of the
Galaxy Note9: Stand on my end concentrate on the little biocide Socialists.
Um,
Serenna Beers: I didn't know that.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, so you so you understand this unicorn.
Galaxy Note9: Yeah, I have a car, you know, working
Galaxy Note9: Towards a cake but I ain't been in that field on. Wow. But, but go ahead on dwelling heard other people feel you who don't,
Galaxy Note9: Know, yeah.
Serenna Beers: Well, it's not, you know,
Galaxy Note9: never had any you know our regular occurrence that I want to hurt somebody, you know, if the situation like a joke cut me off and you know traffic or
Galaxy Note9: Touch or better yet, or better example I'm our President, I want a sock, the shit out of
His
Galaxy Note9: Because he knew about this virus down because it wasn't important to him. And now that is this big old worldwide pandemic and everything he wants to come through as our Savior and he's a buffoon.
Galaxy Note9: So yeah, as far as he's concerned, I would love to suck the shit out of President Trump. Yeah.
Serenna Beers: But other than that, no.
Serenna Beers: Okay, okay, good, good.
Serenna Beers: Tell me about, you know,
Serenna Beers: I know I'm and i'm not i hope you understand that I'm not laughing at you I'm laughing with you.
Serenna Beers: I appreciate your sense of
Serenna Beers: humor and light lightness, you know, that's, that's really good because you have to be able to laugh at things you have to be able to or otherwise.
Serenna Beers: None of us would
Serenna Beers: Make it. Yeah.
Galaxy Note9: Tell me.
Galaxy Note9: Uh huh going. Go ahead.
No, no.
Serenna Beers: Please say
Galaxy Note9: Oh just been sitting on damage to tell who can laugh at yourself. He'll be anyway. Go ahead.
Serenna Beers: Tell me about your family life. Why, what's it like growing up were you adopted. Were you raised by both mom and dad. Do you have brothers and sisters or your parents still together.
Galaxy Note9: I was raised by my mom and dad. No, they never divorced. They stayed together to death. I'm the youngest of three or four children. I have three sisters at a twin brother who passed away at two. So I really never really
Galaxy Note9: Saw I was raised up in a pretty militant family.
Galaxy Note9: My father was part of
Galaxy Note9: The Black Panther Party. So he kind of raised me with that that structure in that mindset of militancy in, you know, kind of recalcitrance
Galaxy Note9: Excuse me, and I'm
Galaxy Note9: Ready to turn into concentration later on in life.
Galaxy Note9: My mother was a Christian.
Galaxy Note9: My dad was
Galaxy Note9: an alcoholic.
Galaxy Note9: A womanizer pedophile. Oh.
Galaxy Note9: My mom was angel.
Galaxy Note9: What a bad temper.
Galaxy Note9: Pretty good, like
Serenna Beers: Yeah. Was anybody else in your family addicted to substances or
Serenna Beers: Or or struggle with any type of mental mental health issues.
Galaxy Note9: No, I was pretty much my sisters, you know, all we all like, you know, I'm just like anybody. Well, just like anybody from where I come from, you know,
Galaxy Note9: The crack epidemic hit you know everybody, you know, putting it in cigarettes. To start off, and it ended up being in the mix. You know, you know, it's in the pipe and all of that stuff.
Galaxy Note9: You know, and you know, but other than that, you know, everybody is, you know, living. Good. Now, I was last holdout.
Serenna Beers: What about any other type of addictive.
Serenna Beers: behaviors such as say gambling or you mentioned work working a lot you know there when when folks are addicted to substances oftentimes it transfers over to other types of things.
Serenna Beers: Like gambling being a workaholic.
Serenna Beers: sex addiction shopping. Did you notice any other type of addictive behaviors with you as, as well as with any of your family members.
Galaxy Note9: Um, well, I mean,
Galaxy Note9: Other than other than being addicted to the addition
Galaxy Note9: You know, no just
Galaxy Note9: You know that I can, you know, think of off the top of my head. There's
Galaxy Note9: Nothing that I can say, you know, filtered over into, you know, my life.
Galaxy Note9: You know, like as far as working working hard. It's just I was raised with strong work ethic, you know,
Galaxy Note9: I was raised to believe that, you know, any enable any able body that's able to get up the work gets up the mark.
Serenna Beers: Mm hmm. You know,
Galaxy Note9: Provide you know, and the only way I can do that is either break too long or our job. And I don't want to go to jail. So I don't break the law and, you know,
Galaxy Note9: I mean, you know, I've been out in the streets and, you know, seem to things and being a part of some things a lot of things. I'm not proud of. But, you know, for the most part of it. You know I survived. I made it.
Galaxy Note9: And now I'm trying to, you know, close this chapter in my life.
Serenna Beers: That's good.
Serenna Beers: Okay, what about um
Serenna Beers: Tell me what was school like for you growing up. How far did it. Did you complete and did you struggle with any type of learning disabilities.
Galaxy Note9: Lot of time I got to the
Galaxy Note9: Level 11th grade.
Galaxy Note9: I started working for the school. I'm kind of a weird dude.
Galaxy Note9: Like I can read anything once and I got it.
Serenna Beers: I don't know if I'd
Serenna Beers: Be aware that probably be amazing.
Galaxy Note9: Know, literally, like if you if I can read it, I can do.
Serenna Beers: That's awesome.
Galaxy Note9: LITERALLY LIKE ANYTHING, ANYTHING I CAN REALLY want so you can show me one time I got it.
Galaxy Note9: So by the time I was in a great
Galaxy Note9: American high school teacher.
Galaxy Note9: We stayed married for 37 years
Here.
Galaxy Note9: Wow. Remember school teacher, that's who. My son is bye
Oh,
Galaxy Note9: And
Galaxy Note9: Schools. Okay.
Galaxy Note9: I was a job, you know, I was on the wrestling team, you know,
Serenna Beers: When to you graduated. Yes.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Galaxy Note9: Then after that, you know, I had a scholarship, but I blew it because I was in the streets and last, I went to jail. And that drug conviction northern border everything
Galaxy Note9: So I have a full ride to
Galaxy Note9: That a great point in like 3.85 I'm
Galaxy Note9: Just
Galaxy Note9: Now just beginning of everything else not going to college, which I wish I had done.
Serenna Beers: You
Galaxy Note9: Know that school was pretty awesome. But after school. And that's when he stepped in. It was like, wow, I want to do something, you know that you want to do.
Galaxy Note9: But God takes and I lost my scholarship and everything. My dad put me out again like $1,000 and, you know, told me you know I've
Galaxy Note9: Been home since
Serenna Beers: Now, you know, talk to them or anything.
Galaxy Note9: No deceased, you're no longer with
Okay.
Serenna Beers: I'm sorry to hear that.
Serenna Beers: What about. Were there any events, growing up that stood out to you either with your neighborhood it with with family or friends just any significant events that stood up.
Serenna Beers: that stood out to you.
Galaxy Note9: Say that there was
Galaxy Note9: Like
Galaxy Note9: The biggest thing I remember when I was growing up was
Galaxy Note9: You
Galaxy Note9: Get into a fight.
Galaxy Note9: The police would like block off each end of the
Galaxy Note9: Fight.
Galaxy Note9: So they would never break it up. It was just
Galaxy Note9: Reading buying stuff and then next thing you know, yet you know over my mom or dad house eating, you know, eating fish yourself.
Sir,
Galaxy Note9: So let's play but only thing I can think of.
Galaxy Note9: That was really
Galaxy Note9: Kind of stuff wouldn't go on.
Galaxy Note9: Yeah, yeah. That's funny.
Serenna Beers: Do you ever think about it now. I mean, does it
Serenna Beers: Ever come up as an intrusive.
Memory.
Galaxy Note9: Oh, no, no, no, no, just something that you would just normal I wouldn't know. Yeah. Well, that's how we know was you know that the fight. You know, you have to, you know, protect yourself. You know, we wouldn't have no girlfriend, he wasn't going to keep no one you have to fight.
The fight.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Serenna Beers: What about did you ever serve in the military.
Galaxy Note9: No, ma'am. Okay.
Serenna Beers: Do you have any financial or legal issues.
Serenna Beers: That you're that you're concerned about
Galaxy Note9: Yeah.
Okay.
Galaxy Note9: Legal
Serenna Beers: chillin both hmm
Galaxy Note9: Student loan is killing
Serenna Beers: Right, well you know that there are things like for forbearance D format.
Serenna Beers: Yeah yeah
Serenna Beers: And it's really not a long process. It's pretty simple as
Serenna Beers: You know I'm speaking from experience.
Serenna Beers: So they really do work with you. So if you need more more time, I would definitely call them.
Galaxy Note9: You know, I've tried that and I'm
Galaxy Note9: Equally less, you know, just get on the phone and blatant lie to blatant lie to me. Hey I'ma turn in, and you know, we're working with the government to help you know resolve your issues with the student loan.
Galaxy Note9: With the government and everything. You don't have to pay $39 for 230 WEEKS, ME FOR 230 months. The change will forgive, motherfucker. That's my loan.
Galaxy Note9: So much oh $39 for 250 months, please. And then you go forgive the rest. So that means you're going to get the bulk of it back. So in all actuality your collection a fine.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, well, yeah, you have to be careful, careful, careful because there's actually a lot of scammers out there that call and say things like that, just to get your personal information.
Serenna Beers: Which is pretty scary, in and of itself. Right.
Galaxy Note9: They can do anything with my personal information mobile tool.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, I mean, I also get that too.
Serenna Beers: Um,
Serenna Beers: Let's see, you said that. Are you in a relationship.
Galaxy Note9: Um, I just recently got engaged. Okay.
Serenna Beers: Can graduations
Yeah.
Serenna Beers: Okay. And, and you mentioned with WITH THE MOTHER OF YOUR MOTHER OF YOUR SON that you guys were married for 36 years did you divorce. Yeah.
Galaxy Note9: Well, we're in the process of that now.
Galaxy Note9: Hold off on the marriage with my current significant of
Serenna Beers: Okay. And do you live with her.
Galaxy Note9: No, I have mono
Galaxy Note9: House. Now let me so quarantine yourselves.
Serenna Beers: Okay, but you live by yourself.
Yeah.
Serenna Beers: Okay. And how many kids do you have
Galaxy Note9: To biological
Galaxy Note9: Okay, I just turned 35 on the 28th of March.
Galaxy Note9: And I have a son with my wife. I'm with my ex wife rather
Galaxy Note9: Than just turn up 30 in on May 14th.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: And I see I did I miss anything. I don't think I did tell me, tell me. Let's just say three tell tell me three things that you hope to get out of being with bright heart health, maybe three specific things that you want to really help hone in on and and work on
Galaxy Note9: To actually get off of this
Galaxy Note9: Monster.
Galaxy Note9: And stay off.
Galaxy Note9: A lot of
Galaxy Note9: Life.
Galaxy Note9: It wasn't a concern about being addicted to it or
Galaxy Note9: Anything of that nature.
Galaxy Note9: That's just what we
Galaxy Note9: Spoke
Galaxy Note9: You know, crack tobacco smoke, we will, that will be the
Galaxy Note9: Most emotional
LSD.
Galaxy Note9: We use
Mm hmm.
Galaxy Note9: So I'd like to actually not go back
Galaxy Note9: To that
Galaxy Note9: Mindset like now on a more serious because I'm you know because of lack of, you know, putting you know drugs in my system not
Galaxy Note9: Like now well my girl says, you know, now your eyes opening really seeing things as they really are, you know, because you've been in a daze for 30 years so
Galaxy Note9: So like everything pisses me off.
Galaxy Note9: I mean, I got a short fuse and
Galaxy Note9: Not necessarily sure for us. They just i just i have low tolerance for stupidity.
Galaxy Note9: Know maybe he wants to get in there. No, I don't know, but you know certain things are to hell out of me. Like if I'm standing in line. It makes me mad for so wanted to just walk in and cut it everybody and ask for what they want and then trying to lead real quick. You know I'm saying
Galaxy Note9: Huh. It pisses me off. You've seen standing in line. Why would you just cut in front of me just even if you want one you've been if you're just purchasing one item real fast, is one way, just like I'm doing. I got one item to
Serenna Beers: Right, so
Serenna Beers: Sounds like maybe learning how to
Serenna Beers: regulate your emotion, but I'm I am sure that you understand after 3334 years of addiction. You've done some damage to your frontal lobe.
Serenna Beers: And not to say that you can't get that back because over time what what you're explaining our paws symptoms and those are post acute withdrawal, which I know that you know about right.
Serenna Beers: So, and, and the research shows that it can last up to 18 MONTHS. I BELIEVE from a clinical perspective that it can last a hell of a lot more. And the reason I say that is because I like to, you know, I feel like there's times
Serenna Beers: I have 13 years clean and I sometimes feel like there is
Serenna Beers: residual effect, I call them permit tweaks. I feel like there's things that I still do that make me feel like I like I have that same
Galaxy Note9: Be
Serenna Beers: Are you know that I act the same and it's just
Serenna Beers: Different times when I'm trying to regulate my my emotions, but
Serenna Beers: There's days when I can deal with it pretty well. And then there's other days when I think what is wrong with me.
Serenna Beers: You know, and so just really, I just want to make sure that you understand wholeheartedly that that's everything you're feeling is a normal
Serenna Beers: Normal, normal to us normal to who we are being recovering addicts. You know what I mean.
Galaxy Note9: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, I would like to describe it as, you know, typically been impossible to, you know, gain good mood because you're moving that you know that euphoric feeling that you had that came from the drugs and stuff so that your body has to kind of read on the things that
Galaxy Note9: You know, not produce those chemical. What is it, serotonin and dopamine, meaning you know what it was.
Galaxy Note9: And all that
Galaxy Note9: Effort to thank you ma'am, and it's impossible for a person and being a good mood because the body haven't been producing those chemicals so that you can have those before feelings that regulate the
Galaxy Note9: Things of that nature.
Serenna Beers: That comes back, it comes back with with time.
Serenna Beers: Just, just FYI. I never thought as matter of fact, I had somebody say, I just turned 50 and they were videoing me opening up my old lady box and you know and I was laughing
Serenna Beers: And my brother said I never thought it was possible to see somebody high on life. And he said, You look high on life. And I really was. I mean, I
Serenna Beers: Was in I was so high on life because one. I couldn't believe I made it to 52 I couldn't believe that anybody would make a big deal out of it and throw me
Serenna Beers: A party because, again, you know, being on drugs and alcohol for for for me for 17 years I had pretty low self worth, and and that takes time to build back
Serenna Beers: But I believe that folks can honestly
Serenna Beers: Be better than they were that state of Anna. Anna, don't, don't ya Antonia I think it's how it's
Serenna Beers: Pronounced Antonia, which is what you're describing does go away. It does. So you have some awesome things to look forward to. The longer you
Serenna Beers: Abstain from using drugs. Right.
Galaxy Note9: Like I really enjoy eating.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, like
Galaxy Note9: Food
Serenna Beers: Like, that's a great steak. It's almost like
Galaxy Note9: My food right yes I can taste the soda. Oh, this is too much sugar. No.
Serenna Beers: Yeah.
Galaxy Note9: Isn't that incredible yeah
Galaxy Note9: Um, but, um,
Galaxy Note9: I've noticed a lot of changes.
Galaxy Note9: Good sex is different.
Galaxy Note9: Especially food, especially sex spicy food.
Galaxy Note9: No, I'm just being honest.
Serenna Beers: No, no, it's true.
Galaxy Note9: But this I I feel things now. You know, I noticed things weren't like no to, I guess,
Serenna Beers: Like yeah yep
No, no.
Galaxy Note9: Oh no. Oh no.
Galaxy Note9: No, just
Galaxy Note9: Everything is different.
Galaxy Note9: Everything.
Serenna Beers: So, um, as far as therapy, are you man dated for any certain amount of time are you supposed to do we
Galaxy Note9: Sessions. I'm not aware they haven't actually, you know, discuss that with me as a
Galaxy Note9: BS only been in the program or maybe a week or so.
Galaxy Note9: I'll go ahead and do a lot of, you know, running
Galaxy Note9: Around getting blood drawn
Galaxy Note9: Out together.
Galaxy Note9: You know, getting a recurring income because I was laid off because
Galaxy Note9: The fires situation. Mm hmm.
Serenna Beers: So are you attending any any groups at all.
Galaxy Note9: No other than here. Wow. Do a group with Abdullah
Galaxy Note9: Baba
Serenna Beers: Ella DAG.
Galaxy Note9: Ella day
Serenna Beers: Yeah okay okay that's I believe I I facilitate that group with her.
Serenna Beers: Too. And so, um, I would like to have you call at some point today and get get put yourself on my schedule for in for individual sessions.
Serenna Beers: If you, you know, because I can see you once a week, once every couple weeks, whatever you feel is what you need, you know, I want to be able to support you there. And we can talk about things to work on maybe skills.
Serenna Beers: For you, when when you're in that Anna Dona state, you know, when you feel like you're pissed off and you're in a grocery line and somebody walks up and walks in and cuts you off and you feel the rage. I mean, there's things that you can do to try to
Serenna Beers: Manage that
Serenna Beers: Emotion regulation.
Galaxy Note9: Do you know what I mean, yeah, I totally understand. Yes.
Serenna Beers: Okay, so, um,
Serenna Beers: They have my schedule we aren't allowed to schedule folk. So that's why I'm asking you to call and let them know that you want to be put on my schedule.
Serenna Beers: If this eight if if you're up at this time and this eight o'clock time works for you. Perhaps we meet again next Wednesday. Is it Wednesday. Yeah. Wednesday. Right.
Serenna Beers: We meet at eight o'clock, but whatever you feel that is appropriate for you just let them know and they will put you on my schedule.
Galaxy Note9: I will
Galaxy Note9: Do that today.
Serenna Beers: Yes, please.
Galaxy Note9: Okay.
Serenna Beers: All right, all right, Tommy, you have a wonderful day. Stay, stay safe and health and I'll see you then.
Serenna Beers: see you the next time.
Galaxy Note9: Okay, thank you very much, ma'am. WE HAVE A NICE AND NICE MEETING.
Serenna Beers: Okay, it was, it was also nice to meet you, but
Galaxy Note9: These things